Interfaces have many uses. One of them can be factoring a single public interface into many discrete 
interfaces.

Let us consider an example for the MFC class CWnd. The CWnd class of MFC is the base class for all dialogs, 
all graphical user interface (GUI) widgets,frames and views in the library.

As we examine the full set of methods exposed by CWnd, we can see that the mass of the functions can be partitioned 
into smaller and logical subsets.

Let us take a look at some of the subcategories of the functions provided by CWnd
-Window state functions
-Window size and position
-Window access 
-menuloop notification 

etc etc 

While it is true that the CWnd class does provide us with methods that "belong together"( they are all window related functions )
but this one class may be burdened with too much of a responsibility. Rather than exposing a single mammoth public interface to the 
object user, the class could expose a collection of interfaces, each with a well defined set of semantically related functions.

Imagine if the CWnd class exposed a collection of interfaces such as IWindowText,IWindowMenu, IWindowInit, IWindowCoordinate so on and so
forth.

Each of these interfaces will expose a single set of related functions. Obviously the interface named IWindowMenu would contain interfaces that
are related to the creation and handling of the menu.      

NOTE: What makes an interface-based programming unique from traditional object oriented development is the key point that interfaces never
provide implementation,state data, or private helper functions. This is much "unlike" a traditional abstract base class which could provide all 
of the above, as well as a set of virtual functions.


INTERFACES PROVIDE DEEPER ENCAPSULATION :

The core trait of interface based programming is that object users can access the object's functionality through in built interfaces and not the 
object instance itself.

---- In com development, the clients never directly create a object instances.